Image Signing (#17)
spectrocloud/hello-universe: docs/image-verification.md

# Image Verification

> The Tutorials container image is signed using [Sigstore's](https://sigstore.dev/) Cosign. The container image is signed using a cryptographic key pair that is private and stored internally. The public key is available in the official Spectro Cloud documentation repository at [**static/cosign.pub**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spectrocloud/librarium/master/static/cosign.pub). Use the public key to verify the authenticity of the container image. You can learn more about the container image signing process by reviewing the [Signing Containers](https://docs.sigstore.dev/signing/signing_with_containers) documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hello Universe container image is signed using [Sigstore's](https://sigstore.dev/) Cosign. The container image is signed using a cryptographic key pair that is private and stored internally. The public key is available in the official Spectro Cloud documentation repository at [**static/cosign.pub**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spectrocloud/librarium/master/static/cosign.pub). Use the public key to verify the authenticity of the container image. You can learn more about the container image signing process by reviewing the [Signing Containers](https://docs.sigstore.dev/signing/signing_with_containers) documentation page.
```

        "Payload": {
          "body": "eyJhcGlWZXJzaW9uIjoiMC4wLjEiLCJraW5kIjoiaGFzaGVkcmVrb3JkIiwic3BlYyI6eyJkYXRhIjp7Imhhc2giOnsiYWxnb3JpdGhtIjoic2hhMjU2IiwidmFsdWUiOiI0MzU0MzFjNjY1Y2Y2ZGZjYzM0NzI2YWRkNjAzMDVjYjZlMzhlNjVkZmJlMWQ0NWU2ZGVkM2IzNzg3NTYwY2MxIn19LCJzaWduYXR1cmUiOnsiY29udGVudCI6Ik1FVUNJUUM0TFFxYVFDclhOc0VzdkI0ZE84bmtZSWg0L3o5UzdScGVEdUZnUDJwbDJ3SWdOdEJsNElDaHBmT3RnVDBlNW5QTmRMYWt4RTJHcnFFK0tjV1JXSGZPTnpnPSIsInB1YmxpY0tleSI6eyJjb250ZW50IjoiTFMwdExTMUNSVWRKVGlCUVZVSk1TVU1nUzBWWkxTMHRMUzBLVFVacmQwVjNXVWhMYjFwSmVtb3dRMEZSV1VsTGIxcEplbW93UkVGUlkwUlJaMEZGV1VoeVl6SlhTVVV6WVhCTFRHMWplR3hHUmtoNVZsRkRVVnBYYUFveUsyRnNOVmN2Vmsxc1VISXpkVFJGV2k5V0wwZFBRbTAySzFrNVowWXpWWE16ZEhkMVpWaFpaMlJaWlVadk5XODNRbFZ1TnpCTlVGQjNQVDBLTFMwdExTMUZUa1FnVUZWQ1RFbERJRXRGV1MwdExTMHRDZz09In19fX0=",
          "integratedTime": 1702758491,
          "logIndex": 57230483,
          "logID": "c0d23d6ad406973f9559f3ba2d1ca01f84147d8ffc5b8445c224f98b9591801d"
        }
      },
      "owner": "Spectro Cloud",
      "ref": "e597f70be238369ce4f0e5778492a155e23fec17",
      "repo": "spectrocloud/hello-universe",
      "workflow": "Release"
    }
  }
]
```

> [!CAUTION]

> > Do not use the container image if the authenticity cannot be verified. Verify you downloaded the correct public key and that the container image is from `ghcr.io/spectrocloud/tutorials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not use the container image if the authenticity cannot be verified. Verify you downloaded the correct public key and that the container image is from `ghcr.io/spectrocloud/hello-universe`.
```
